listOfdata=['Lemma 1. (Hadamard) Let f be a smooth, real-valued function defined on an open, star-convex neighborhood U of a point a in n-dimensional Euclidean space. Then f(x) can be expressed, for all x in U, in the form: f(x)=f(a)+sum_{i=1}^n (x_i-a_i) g_i(x), where each gi is a smooth function on U, a = (a1,...,an), and x = (x1,...,xn).',
'Definition 1. (Star domain) In mathematics, a set S in the Euclidean space Rn is called a star domain (or star-convex set, star-shaped or radially convex set) if there exists x0 in S such that for all x in S the line segment from x0 to x is in S.',
'Definition 2. (Vector space) A vector space (also called a linear space) is a collection of objects called vectors, which may be added together and multiplied ("scaled") by numbers, called scalars in this context.',
'Definition 3. (Scalar) In linear algebra, real numbers are called scalars and relate to vectors in a vector space through the operation of scalar multiplication, in which a vector can be multiplied by a number to produce another vector.',
'Theorem 1. (Heine-Cantor) If f : M->N is a continuous function between two metric spaces, and M is compact, then f is uniformly continuous. An important special case is that every continuous function from a closed interval to the real numbers is uniformly continuous.',
'Definition 4. (Compact space) Compactness is a property that generalizes the notion of a subset of Euclidean space being closed (that is, containing all its limit points) and bounded (that is, having all its points lie within some fixed distance of each other).' ,
'Lemma 2. (Borel) Suppose U is an open set in the Euclidean space Rn, and suppose that f0, f1 ... is a sequence of smooth functions on U. If I is an any open interval in R containing 0 (possibly I = R), then there exists a smooth function F(t, x) defined on IxU, such that ... for k >= 0 and x in U.',
'Definition 5. (Open set) In topology, an open set is an abstract concept generalizing the idea of an open interval in the real line.',
'Theorem 2. (Beer)  if (X, d) is a complete, separable metric space, then Cl(X) with the Wijsman topology is a Polish space, i.e. it is separable and metrizable with a complete metric.'] 